== This is my second WDI Project. 

===It is a beat pad drum machine built on rails with a little bit of bootstrap added in. 
===The soundbank and seed file was all pulled from http://www.freesound.org and their API. 
===I used jQuery to add click events and keypress events.

===Screenshots of user stories HERE[https://github.com/dannyalaska/project2/tree/master/screenshots]

==Notes after completion:
-----------------------
1. I finished almost all of my user stories. I couldn't figure out how to save a specific drum setup after a user selects their sounds from the dropdowns. But I did get sweet lighting effects and customizable kits in that each setup can be completely different. 
2. I could have made my javascript a little more DRY but it was difficult to figure out how with they keypresses and clicks all triggering similar but different functions. 
3. I can't get heroku to work. I don't know why it can work on my local server but crash on heroku.  I'm not really a fan of the fact that this is part of the grading and criteria for this project since we dedicated little if any time at all to how to do it.  
4. I am very pleased with how this app came out. It was a challenge from the start but a fun challenge.  I don't have any major bugs on my page and the drum machine is fully functional. 

====If I could change things: 
1. I would add in the ability to record sessions.
2. I would give the user the ability to add in their own personalized sounds and save them.  This was on my reach list and I simply didn't get to it. 
3. I would pick out more sounds or simply find a way to load the api faster on the page.  
4. I wish I knew more front-end styling stuff because I feel like that's where I'm still kind of weak. 

